<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 4: The Saboteur Strikes</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section data-parent="part-1" id="chapter-4" role="doc-chapter" epub:type="chapter">
			<hgroup>
				<h3 class="first-child" epub:type="ordinal">Chapter 4</h3>
				<p epub:type="title">The Saboteur Strikes</p>
			</hgroup>
			<p>One morning, as the team gathered for their daily stand-up meeting, Rusty’s expression was unusually grim.</p>
			<p>“We have a problem,” he said, his pincers tapping nervously against his laptop. “There are bugs in the code that weren’t there before. Someone’s tampering with our project.”</p>
			<p>Reginald frowned, his scales shifting to a worried hue. “Are you sure? Could it just be a mistake?”</p>
			<p>Rusty shook his head. “No way. These bugs are too deliberate. Someone is sabotaging us.”</p>
			<p>T-REG’s eyes narrowed. “We need to find out who’s behind this. And fast.”</p>
			<p>Enter Sylvia, a sleek and cunning fox with a reputation for unparalleled cybersecurity skills. Reginald had worked with her before and knew she was the best person for the job. He reached out to her immediately.</p>
			<p>“Sylvia, we need your help,” Reginald said, explaining the situation. “Our project is under attack, and we need to find the saboteur.”</p>
			<p>Sylvia’s eyes sparkled with intrigue. “I love a good mystery. I’ll take a look at your system and see what I can find.”</p>
			<p>Sylvia dove into the code, her fingers flying across the keyboard with practiced ease. She traced the bugs back to their source, uncovering a trail of digital breadcrumbs that led to a shadowy figure operating under the alias “ShadowFox.”</p>
			<p>“It’s not going to be easy,” Sylvia said, her tone serious. “Whoever this is, they know what they’re doing. But I’ll find them.”</p>
			<p>As Sylvia worked, the team continued to push forward, determined not to let the saboteur derail their progress. They tightened security, implemented additional safeguards, and doubled down on their development efforts.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
