<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 5: Doubts and Temptations</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section data-parent="part-1" id="chapter-5" role="doc-chapter" epub:type="chapter">
			<hgroup>
				<h3 class="first-child" epub:type="ordinal">Chapter 5</h3>
				<p epub:type="title">Doubts and Temptations</p>
			</hgroup>
			<p>Despite their best efforts, the constant setbacks began to take their toll. T-REG, in particular, started to voice his doubts.</p>
			<p>“I’m not sure this project is going anywhere,” he confided to Reginald late one night. “I feel like I’m just spinning my wheels.”</p>
			<p>Reginald looked up from his work, concern etched on his face. “What do you mean? We’ve made so much progress.”</p>
			<p>T-REG sighed, his shoulders slumping. “I just don’t feel appreciated. All my work, and it feels like it’s for nothing.”</p>
			<p>Before Reginald could respond, T-REG’s phone buzzed. He glanced at the screen, his expression shifting from frustration to surprise.</p>
			<p>“It’s Simon,” he said, reading the message. “He wants me to join his team.”</p>
			<p>Simon, a rival data scientist and a cunning Komodo dragon, had been watching their progress closely. His offer was tempting: recognition, success, and a chance to work on cutting-edge projects.</p>
			<p>T-REG hesitated, the allure of Simon’s promises hard to resist. He felt torn between his loyalty to Reginald and Rusty and his desire for the recognition he craved.</p>
			<p>“I need to think about this,” T-REG said, his voice heavy with uncertainty.</p>
			<p>Reginald watched him go, a knot of worry forming in his chest. The team was on the brink of something great, but without T-REG, their progress would be severely hindered.</p>
			<p>As the night wore on, Reginald couldn’t shake the feeling that their biggest challenges were still ahead.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
