<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 7</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section data-parent="part-1" id="chapter-7" role="doc-chapter" epub:type="chapter">
			<hgroup>
				<h3 class="first-child" epub:type="ordinal z3998:roman">Chapter 7</h3>
				<p epub:type="title">Temptation’s Lure</p>
			</hgroup>
			<p>Late one night, as Rusty was preparing to leave the office, his phone rang. The caller ID displayed an unfamiliar number. Curious, he answered.</p>
			<p>"Hello, Rusty. This is Veronica," said a smooth, persuasive voice. "I’ve been following your work. I have an offer for you."</p>
			<p>Veronica, a charismatic octopus entrepreneur, had built a reputation for her ability to spot and seize opportunities. She explained her proposition in detail, outlining a lucrative solo project that would allow Rusty to showcase his skills on a grand scale.</p>
			<p>"I believe you have the talent to make this project a success," Veronica said, her voice dripping with allure. "And the pay is extraordinary."</p>
			<p>Rusty felt a surge of excitement mixed with hesitation. The offer was tempting—an opportunity to work on an innovative project, gain recognition, and significantly boost his career. But it would mean leaving Reginald and their shared vision behind.</p>
			<p>"I... I need some time to think about this," Rusty replied, his mind racing with possibilities.</p>
			<p>That night, Rusty lay awake, his thoughts a tangled web of ambition and loyalty. He considered Veronica’s offer, weighing it against the bond he had with Reginald and the work they had accomplished together. The temptation was strong, but so was his commitment to his friends.</p>
			<p>The next day, Rusty arrived at the office with a determined look on his face. He approached Reginald, who was engrossed in his work, and took a deep breath.</p>
			<p>"Reginald, we need to talk," Rusty began.</p>
			<p>Reginald looked up, his scales shifting to a concerned shade. "What's on your mind?"</p>
			<p>Rusty explained Veronica’s offer, the allure of the solo project, and the internal conflict he was experiencing.</p>
			<p>"I won’t lie, Reginald. It’s an amazing opportunity," Rusty said, his voice earnest. "But I believe in what we’re doing here. I don’t want to abandon you or the project."</p>
			<p>Reginald’s expression softened, a grateful smile spreading across his face. "Rusty, I can’t tell you how much it means to hear that. We need you, and I promise we’ll make this project a success together."</p>
			<p>With Rusty’s decision made, the two friends felt a renewed sense of purpose. They threw themselves back into their work with even greater determination, knowing that their combined efforts would see them through the challenges ahead.</p>
			<p>Meanwhile, T-REG’s conscience was growing heavier. Working with Draco, he began to see the stark differences between his new team and the camaraderie he had left behind. The allure of recognition and success paled in comparison to the genuine bond he had shared with Reginald and Rusty.</p>
			<p>One night, unable to sleep, T-REG made a decision. He would find a way to make things right, even if it meant risking everything.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
