<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 8</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section data-parent="part-1" id="chapter-8" role="doc-chapter" epub:type="chapter">
			<hgroup>
				<h3 class="first-child" epub:type="ordinal z3998:roman">Chapter 8</h3>
				<p epub:type="title">Reginald’s Resolve</p>
			</hgroup>
			<p>As the project trudged along, Reginald felt the weight of their setbacks more heavily each day. The once-vibrant energy that had fueled their brainstorming sessions now seemed a distant memory, replaced by an oppressive sense of uncertainty. The absence of T-REG’s analytical expertise was a constant reminder of how fragile their progress had become.</p>
			<p>One evening, after yet another long day at the office, Reginald slumped in his chair, his scales a dull, weary shade. The whiteboard, covered in diagrams and hastily scribbled notes, stared back at him, a testament to their efforts and struggles.</p>
			<p>“We can’t keep going like this,” he muttered to himself. “We need help.”</p>
			<p>At that moment, Sylvia entered the room, her keen eyes immediately assessing the situation. She had been working tirelessly to track down the saboteur, and her progress had been slow but steady. Seeing Reginald’s despair, she approached him with a determined look.</p>
			<p>“Reginald, we can’t let this project fall apart,” she said, her voice firm. “We’ve come too far to give up now.”</p>
			<p>Reginald looked up, a glimmer of hope flickering in his eyes. “But we’re running out of time and resources. Without T-REG, we’re struggling to keep up.”</p>
			<p>Sylvia placed a reassuring hand on his shoulder. “I’ve been making some progress with the saboteur investigation. We’re close to finding out who’s behind this. And in the meantime, you have allies who believe in this project as much as you do.”</p>
			<p>Inspired by Sylvia’s unwavering confidence, Reginald decided to reach out to his old connections for support. He called up former colleagues, friends, and even a few rivals, explaining the significance of their project and the challenges they were facing.</p>
			<p>To his relief, many were willing to lend a hand. Some offered their expertise, others provided resources, and a few even volunteered to join the team temporarily. With this newfound support, Reginald felt a renewed sense of determination.</p>
			<p>“We’re not alone in this,” he said to Rusty the next morning, as they reviewed their new plans. “We have people who believe in us and our vision. Let’s make this happen.”</p>
			<p>Together, they worked tirelessly, implementing the new ideas and integrating the additional help. The project began to regain its momentum, slowly but surely moving towards completion.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
