<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 10</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section data-parent="part-1" id="chapter-10" role="doc-chapter" epub:type="chapter">
			<hgroup>
				<h3 class="first-child" epub:type="ordinal z3998:roman">Chapter 10</h3>
				<p epub:type="title">Unmasking the Saboteur</p>
			</hgroup>
			<p>Their recent successes had breathed new life into the team. With T-REG’s return and Rusty’s renewed commitment, Reginald felt a sense of optimism that had been absent for too long. The team worked seamlessly together, their synergy palpable as they edged closer to their goal.</p>
			<p>One evening, as the sun dipped below the horizon and cast long shadows across the office, Sylvia called for a meeting. Her usual confident demeanor was replaced with a somber seriousness that immediately caught everyone’s attention.</p>
			<p>“We need to talk,” she said, her voice uncharacteristically shaky. “I’ve discovered something important.”</p>
			<p>Reginald, Rusty, and T-REG gathered around, curiosity and concern etched on their faces. Sylvia took a deep breath, steadying herself.</p>
			<p>“I’ve been investigating the saboteur,” she began, her eyes downcast. “And I found⁠ ⁠… it’s me.”</p>
			<p>The room fell into a stunned silence. Rusty’s pincers clicked nervously, T-REG’s eyes widened, and Reginald’s scales flickered through a spectrum of confusion and disbelief.</p>
			<p>“Sylvia, what do you mean?” Reginald finally asked, his voice tinged with a mix of shock and betrayal.</p>
			<p>Sylvia looked up, her eyes brimming with tears. “I didn’t want to believe it either, but the evidence is clear. I was the one who sabotaged our project.”</p>
			<p>Rusty’s voice was tight with anger. “How could you do this to us? We trusted you!”</p>
			<p>Sylvia flinched but stood her ground. “Please, let me explain. Draco blackmailed me. He threatened my family⁠—said he’d ruin their lives if I didn’t help him undermine our project. I was terrified, and I didn’t see any other way out.”</p>
			<p>T-REG, who had himself been lured away by Draco’s promises, felt a pang of empathy. “Why didn’t you tell us? We could have helped you.”</p>
			<p>Sylvia shook her head, tears streaming down her cheeks. “I was too scared. Draco is ruthless. I thought if I kept quiet, he’d eventually leave my family alone. But I see now that was a mistake. I’m so sorry for everything.”</p>
			<p>Reginald’s initial anger began to fade, replaced by a deep sense of sadness. He had always valued loyalty and trust, and Sylvia’s betrayal cut deep. But as he looked at her, he saw the genuine remorse in her eyes. She was as much a victim of Draco’s manipulation as they were.</p>
			<p>“Sylvia,” Reginald said softly, “what’s done is done. But if you truly want to make amends, we need your help now more than ever. Help us secure the platform. Prove your loyalty to us.”</p>
			<p>Sylvia’s eyes widened with a mixture of surprise and gratitude. “Thank you, Reginald. I won’t let you down again.”</p>
			<p>With Sylvia’s renewed commitment, the team worked together to fortify their platform against further attacks. Sylvia’s intimate knowledge of Draco’s tactics proved invaluable as she guided them through a series of security enhancements designed to make their system nearly impenetrable.</p>
			<p>As they worked late into the night, the air thick with concentration and the hum of computers, Sylvia found herself earning back the trust she had lost. She shared everything she knew about Draco’s operations, helping the team anticipate and counter his moves.</p>
			<p>One evening, as they were wrapping up a particularly intense session of coding and testing, Reginald called for a break. He looked around at his team⁠—Rusty, tirelessly refining the code; T-REG, methodically analyzing data models; and Sylvia, diligently fortifying their security.</p>
			<p>“I know this has been a tough journey,” Reginald said, his voice steady. “But we’ve come through stronger. We’ve faced betrayal, doubt, and sabotage, and we’re still standing.”</p>
			<p>Rusty nodded, his eyes reflecting a newfound respect for Sylvia. “We couldn’t have done it without everyone pulling their weight. Sylvia, your help has been crucial.”</p>
			<p>T-REG, ever the stoic, added, “We’ve all made mistakes. What matters is that we’re here now, working together.”</p>
			<p>Sylvia’s eyes shimmered with gratitude. “Thank you for giving me a second chance. I promise I won’t let you down.”</p>
			<p>As they returned to their work, the atmosphere in the room shifted. There was a renewed sense of camaraderie and mutual respect. The obstacles they had faced had forged a bond stronger than any betrayal could break.</p>
			<p>And with each passing day, their project grew closer to completion, a testament to their resilience, teamwork, and the power of second chances.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
