<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 6</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section data-parent="part-1" id="chapter-6" role="doc-chapter" epub:type="chapter">
			<hgroup>
				<h3 class="first-child" epub:type="ordinal z3998:roman">Chapter 6</h3>
				<p epub:type="title">Betrayal and Perseverance</p>
			</hgroup>
			<p>The next morning, a palpable tension hung in the air as Reginald and Rusty arrived at the office. T-REG’s workstation was conspicuously empty, a void that seemed to echo the growing uncertainty within their project.</p>
			<p>“Where is he?” Rusty asked, his eyes scanning the room anxiously.</p>
			<p>Reginald’s scales flickered through a range of colors, betraying his own unease. “I don’t know, but we have to keep going. We can’t afford to lose momentum now.”</p>
			<p>Despite T-REG’s absence, Reginald and Rusty threw themselves into their work. Reginald revisited the architectural designs, making improvements where he could, while Rusty doubled down on his efforts to optimize and secure the code. They worked tirelessly, each passing day a test of their resolve.</p>
			<p>One afternoon, as they were knee-deep in debugging a particularly stubborn piece of code, Reginald received an unexpected message. It was from T-REG.</p>
			<p>“I’m with Draco. I needed to see if his promises were real. I’m sorry,” read the message.</p>
			<p>Rusty, reading over Reginald’s shoulder, clacked his pincers angrily. “I can’t believe he would just abandon us like that.”</p>
			<p>Reginald’s eyes narrowed, determination hardening his resolve. “We can’t dwell on it. We have to focus on what we can control. We need to finish what we started.”</p>
			<p>The days that followed were grueling. Without T-REG’s analytical prowess, progress was slower, and the weight of the project felt heavier. Yet, Reginald and Rusty refused to give up. They worked late into the nights, often fueled by nothing more than coffee and sheer willpower.</p>
			<p>Then, one evening, a breakthrough. Rusty managed to solve a critical bug that had been plaguing their system for days. He practically leapt out of his seat, his eyes gleaming with triumph.</p>
			<p>“Reginald, look! It’s working!” he exclaimed, pointing to the screen.</p>
			<p>Reginald’s face lit up with a smile. “We did it, Rusty. We’re back on track.”</p>
			<p>Their celebration was short-lived, however, as a new challenge soon emerged.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
