<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 3: Early Triumphs</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section data-parent="part-1" id="chapter-3" role="doc-chapter" epub:type="chapter">
			<hgroup>
				<h3 class="first-child" epub:type="ordinal z3998:roman">Chapter 3</h3>
				<p epub:type="title">Early Triumphs</p>
			</hgroup>
			<p>The first few weeks of development were a whirlwind of activity. Reginald, T-REG, and Rusty worked tirelessly, their diverse skills complementing each other perfectly. Reginald’s architectural designs provided a strong framework for the project. T-REG’s data models were intricate yet elegant, capturing the subtle complexities of cribbage strategies. Rusty’s code was impeccable, running smoothly without a hitch.</p>
			<p>One evening, as the sun dipped below the horizon, casting a warm glow across the office, Reginald called out to his teammates.</p>
			<p>“Guys, come check this out,” he said, his voice tinged with excitement.</p>
			<p>T-REG and Rusty gathered around Reginald’s computer, their eyes fixed on the screen. The early prototype of their platform was running a simulated game of cribbage, the AI making surprisingly intelligent moves.</p>
			<p>“Look at that,” Reginald said, pointing to the screen. “Our model’s already picking up on basic strategies.”</p>
			<p>T-REG nodded, a rare smile crossing his usually serious face. “This is just the beginning. Imagine what it’ll be capable of with more training data.”</p>
			<p>Rusty’s eyes gleamed with satisfaction. “We’re on the right track. Let’s keep pushing forward.”</p>
			<p>The team’s early successes fueled their determination. Each day brought new challenges, but also new breakthroughs. They refined their algorithms, optimized their code, and expanded their data sets. The platform grew more sophisticated, its AI learning and adapting with each iteration.</p>
			<p>But just as they were hitting their stride, trouble loomed on the horizon.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
