<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>Chapter 9: The Return</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<section data-parent="part-1" id="chapter-9" role="doc-chapter" epub:type="chapter">
			<hgroup>
				<h3 class="first-child" epub:type="ordinal">Chapter 9</h3>
				<p epub:type="title">The Return</p>
			</hgroup>
			<p>As Reginald and Rusty pushed forward with their revitalized efforts, T-REG found himself increasingly disillusioned with Draco’s team. The atmosphere was toxic, driven by competition and personal gain rather than collaboration and shared goals. The excitement he had felt at the prospect of recognition had long faded, replaced by a growing sense of regret.</p>
			<p>One night, T-REG sat alone in Draco’s sleek but sterile office, staring at the complex data models he had helped create. They were impressive, but they felt hollow without the camaraderie and mutual respect he had experienced with Reginald and Rusty.</p>
			<p>Unable to ignore his conscience any longer, T-REG made a decision. He accessed Draco’s system, carefully planting subtle sabotage within the code. It was risky, but he knew it was the only way to make amends. Once he was done, he gathered his belongings and left, his heart heavy with guilt but also a newfound resolve.</p>
			<p>The next morning, T-REG arrived at Reginald’s office. Rusty was the first to see him, and his initial reaction was one of shock and anger.</p>
			<p>“What are you doing here?” Rusty demanded, his eyes narrowing.</p>
			<p>T-REG raised his hands in a gesture of peace. “I’m here to make things right. I know I made a mistake by leaving, but I want to help. Draco’s team might be ahead now, but they won’t be for long.”</p>
			<p>Reginald, hearing the commotion, joined them, his scales shifting to a cautious hue. “T-REG, why should we trust you after what you did?”</p>
			<p>T-REG’s eyes were filled with remorse. “I sabotaged Draco’s project from the inside. I brought back critical information that can give us the edge we need. Please, let me make this right.”</p>
			<p>Rusty and Reginald exchanged a long look before nodding. “Okay, T-REG,” Reginald said finally. “We’ll give you a chance. But no more betrayals.”</p>
			<p>T-REG nodded, gratitude and determination in his eyes. “You have my word.”</p>
			<p>With T-REG back on the team, they quickly incorporated his insights and the information he had brought. Their progress accelerated, and the project began to take on a life of its own, the AI becoming increasingly sophisticated and capable.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
